README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn-pages-router) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Updated README.md file with installation/running instructions

README.md, after:

## Getting Started

### Requirements
This application requires an account with [Discogs](https://www.discogs.com/) and an registered Application so that you can get a Consumer Key and Consumer Secret.  You local machine will also require node to run the application.

### Installation
1. First make sure you are using the proper version of node.  Included in the repo is a `.nvmrc` file to load up the proper version of node using node version manager.  If you do not have node version manager installed, this application was developed using `v20.13.1`.  If you do use node version manager, from the project root directory execute the following command

```bash
nvm use
```

2. Create a .env.local file to store the following environment variables

```bash
DISCOGS_CONSUMER_KEY=XXXXXXX
DISCOGS_CONSUMER_SECRET=XXXXXXXX
API_URL=https://api.discogs.com
```

3.  Run the following command to install all the necessary node libraries.

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn install
```

### Running the application
First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to view the application.
